[PERSON53] S- so I are you uhm yeah,&nbsp;

uhm did I miss something&nbsp;earlier?

[PERSON27] No,

we decided not to begin a meeting without you,

so because the-

[PERSON53] Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp;

[PERSON27] (??) we want to (deside) to discuss together with you&nbsp;

and it uhm it would be better not even to the.

[PERSON53] Uhm.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Aaah, could you-

[PERSON53] Ehm.

[PERSON27] Please [PERSON53],&nbsp;

could you open the agenda.

You can <another_yawn>either in Hangouts,&nbsp;

or in the invitation for the call.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] Okay.&nbsp;

Let me open.

Ehm, I'm I'm there.

[PERSON27] Fine.

So I wanted to discuss uhm at least two things today.&nbsp;

And this uhm these are evaluations and preparation for evaluation.

And uhm shared task and some shared task imitation we discuss with [PERSON7] today

and uhm I'm I'm I want to propose for&nbsp; this week.

Uhm if we could uhm do that.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON27] Uhm I (can't see you in the (agenda).

[PERSON53] Hm.

[PERSON27] Is it why actually-

[PERSON53] I actually uhm I ee have logged in from the phone,&nbsp;

I'm I'm there on the agenda-

[PERSON27] Ah, okay.

[PERSON53] through phone.&nbsp;

I don't know, yeah.&nbsp;

So-

[PERSON27] doesn't doesn't matter,&nbsp;

just&nbsp; important that you see that.

[PERSON53] Yeah, I I am ever (??) unseen that.

[PERSON27] Perfect.

Perfect.

Uhm well uhm I want to make clear about the evaluation rules.

Who is now working on uhm anything&nbsp; concern evaluation and evaluation measures?

Do you [PERSON53] do you do something uhm in that direction?

[PERSON53] Uhm yes.

I do have something, [PERSON27].

But it's it's not ready yet.

So just to show you in uhm so uhm whatever I have maybe (those) that I can show you,

so that you get to know what exactly the direction (in moving on).

[PERSON27] (??)

Do you work on are you working uhm on automatic measure

or manual?

[PERSON53] Yes, automatic.

[PERSON27] Mm-hmm, yes.

So you are experimenting with automatic measures.

[PERSON53] Yes, yes, yes.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

And so-

[PERSON53] But I (eventually) you gave me uhm similarity an automatic measure both.

But then when I read lots of papers.

And when I was experiment.

I got to knew that why do you told me to for similarity of measures,

so uhm.

Evaluation also has (a pint) of similarity into it.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] And now I could make sence (??) whether why did it said me to.

I actually experiment with uhm similarity of (??).

[PERSON27] Yes.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] So it has a great (??) in evaluation.

[PERSON27] Okay.

[PERSON53] Making an automaticly trick.&nbsp;

[PERSON27]&nbsp;Making an automaticly&nbsp;magic,

okay.

That's fine.

So so uhm yeah now it's clear,

and ([PERSON54]) do you also work on evaluation measures?

(Ce) Yes, [PERSON27].

I was going through the existing (??) measures,

so uhm I think uhm I can come up with something on the (??) automatic measures&nbsp;

maybe by maybe by end of this month?

[PERSON27] Ahh.

So you are uhm.

You are uhm experimenting on automatic measures too,

and you're going to come up (??) <other_unrecognisable speech="">&nbsp;bases of (??) this survave (??) you are doing now.

Yes?

(Ce) Yes.&nbsp;

Yes, I can come up with some qualitative and quantitative surveys of all these measures work on our data.

Trained on some trained on someone like uhm be (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

Okay.

So we have two people working on automatic measures

and&nbsp; there is so we are kind of uhm planed to have something to the end of factor to the end of October.

From [PERSON53] and from ([PERSON54]).

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON27] And may ask [PERSON55] uhm you prepared that uhm evaluation protocol proposal.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Uhm something like (a month ago) uhm do you consider that to be uhm kind of uhm enough material to make a manual evaluation?

[PERSON55] (??) material (??).&nbsp;

[PERSON27] So uhm are you able at the moment based on what you know about that uhm make kind of uhm evaluation.&nbsp;

I I to evaluated uhm to evaluate meet- uhm minutes.

[PERSON55]&nbsp; Evaluate minutes?

How can I evaluate minutes.

[PERSON27] This is what I ask.

<laugh>&nbsp;

Uhm I so so okay,&nbsp;

I will ask you uhm other way,

do you work on evaluation somehow on evaluation-

[PERSON55] No.

[PERSON27] preparing.&nbsp;

No uhm but (??) you created the document&nbsp; about how one put prepare manual evaluation measure.

Do you understand that correctly?&nbsp;

[PERSON55] Yes.

[PERSON27] Yes.

So if we want to make a manual measurement,

we need to do what?

[PERSON55] You need to get people annotators,

I don't know.

They will red- they will read the uhm the minutes the (??) minutes,

they will also read uhm generated minutes,

the minutes that are generated by automatic methods or technics or models.

<other_agreement_sound>

And there will put some scores that I suggest (??)

[PERSON27] Yes,

but you suggested (??) it generally,

so there should-

[PERSON55] Yes.

[PERSON27] so it is still needed as we still need

uhm one more step to prepare directly I don't know guidelines for aa-

[PERSON53] Ehm.

[PERSON27] evaluation (how) to do that.

Yes?

[PERSON53] Hmm.

[PERSON27] And to-

[PERSON55] Yes.

[PERSON27]&nbsp; (??) we end to be able to compute somehow from there measure from their (stars).

Uhm they give to- two minutes.

Uhm to come up with some number with (??) some evaluation.

Or.

[PERSON53] Yes, so and I think [PERSON7] (shared) that paper which he wants to be like (a mimic) of our manual evaluation.

I think uhm we can use,&nbsp;

uhm that particulary strategy to formulate our manually evaluation.

[PERSON27] Oh, could you share the paper in agenda, please?

[PERSON53] It it is uhm I I&nbsp; have log (??) phone and I don't know-

[PERSON27] Yes, sorrry.&nbsp;

Sorry, I know.&nbsp;

I know, later.

[PERSON53] It does in the email,&nbsp;

yeah, I can.

Later I can in the email with (attachement) uhm uhm [PERSON7] has (attached) that paper.

If is search on in your email (attachement) paper,&nbsp;

[PERSON27] (Attachment) what?

[PERSON53] Ment.&nbsp;

Yeah in your email box just to search (attachement) paper on you see the email via [PERSON7].

[PERSON27] I didn't understand the word.&nbsp;

(Attachment).

[PERSON53] (Attachment).&nbsp;

I will write in the uhm in the chat.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] (Attachment) paper.

That is the key word.

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] So maybe I think ah using this strategy, we can also use the (??) with [PERSON55] has suggested.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] Performing the manual uhm guidelines.

[PERSON27] Yes,&nbsp;

uhm the question is who will do that.

Yeah, so (??) a paper.

[PERSON55] Normally annotators.

[PERSON27] No, I mean,&nbsp;

not the judgment,

but uhm procedure.

[PERSON53] Guidelines.

Yeah.

[PERSON27] Guidelines (??) how to compute this call then.

[PERSON55] Computers (??) <laugh>

are you serious is just the formula,

you get the numbers (??)&nbsp;

and you computed uhm (??).

[PERSON27] Okay,&nbsp;

I did-

so this is this is what attend now that's why I ask.

[PERSON55] It's just a computation that you doing (??)

[PERSON27] Uhm.

Yes, okay. Umhm.

[PERSON53] [PERSON27],&nbsp;

are you like will (??) it it's not a problem.

[PERSON55] The hard task the the task time consuming task is for the evaluators&nbsp;

to read the two references the two minutes reference one and-

[PERSON27] Yes.

Yes.

[PERSON55] Automatic generated one&nbsp;

and to put the scores that is the time (??).

[PERSON27] Ehm.

Okay.&nbsp;

Uhm.

[PERSON55] (??) is just a formula that is done (??).

[PERSON27] Yes, yes.&nbsp;

I understand.

Okay, uhm mainly ask you [PERSON53] this uhm the to create these guidelines.

[PERSON53] Yes, yes, yes,

I will do that,

I know.

[PERSON27] Hm, thank you.

[PERSON53] So maybe I w- I need your help with that with uhm.

[PERSON27] Yes, definitely.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] So I yeah.

[PERSON27] Yes,&nbsp;

you can ask me anything at any stage.

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON27] Just just that to move f- forward.

Some kind.

[PERSON53] Yes, yes.

[PERSON27] Uhm <another_noise>

So uhm so just (??) uhm now we uhm spoke about the share task&nbsp;

and evalution uhm of the task of tasks of the shared task.

So uhm I'm kind of clear that we are waiting to the end of month with two automatic measures&nbsp;

and uhm (??) the next week with manual uhm guidelines uhm so we wanted to propose uhm with [PERSON7] kind of uhm shared task imitation fort this weeek.&nbsp;

But uhm as I can see now uhm I'm not sure,

so can you see the shared task- task imitation?

Uhm we have so we have repropose to make to take one meeting for now.

For example, one uhm that have that already has several meetin-&nbsp; several minutes by a different annotati- annotators,

and then [PERSON53] and maybe [PERSON56] will create minutes uhm manually

but uhm in way like they expect uhm their uhm they expect their programs will uhm (??) generate later.

And [PERSON55], ([PERSON54]) and probably [PERSON53] will afterwards evaluate the outcome of the of these meetings.

But maybe we can do each other next week&nbsp;

because we will have (these typs) manual evaluation.&nbsp;

So to try this evaluation first let's create them&nbsp;

and then let's try there.

So at the moment we don't have it yet.

So probably first we make uhm this manual evaluation (??) via [PERSON53]&nbsp;

and then we will try this.

Kind of dry run.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] Uhm.

Yeah.

[PERSON27] Okay.&nbsp;

Uhm let's let's postpone it to the next week.

I think.&nbsp;

(??) (this is what I want to do)

and one more think is about uhm the tasks included into the shared task.

Uhm for the main and the most complicated task of created summarize we have&nbsp;

uhm subjective and not prepared yet evaluation measures.

Uhm so I expect give in to the shared tasks also uhm (tend) of more clear task,&nbsp;

more easy task.&nbsp;

This is- and this would be the one that [PERSON53] had for had for the similarity for this distinguishing minutes for the same meeting,&nbsp;

and uhm from minutes from different meetings.

And this is what ([PERSON54]) formulated as task A and task B.

Uhm she has she also create (defined) at the at the that todays agenda.

So probably uhm for these for these two first tasks task A and test task B it woul- they evaluation is definitely much easier,&nbsp;

because we already know this minutes of this minutes- uhm if to these meet- minutes out (??) this meetings.

And or or not,&nbsp;

so it is just just uhm includ it into the shared tasks this is just (??) that.&nbsp;

[PERSON53] Uhm I did not understand,&nbsp;

[PERSON27] could you repeat it?

Uhm what what we have to do for tasking does be?

[PERSON27] Uhm included into the shared task,&nbsp;

because the evaluation for task A and task B is kind of much more easy and almost (??).

This is-

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON27] haven't this is what we have for granted.

We know if yes or no.

[PERSON53] Yeah, uhm.

[PERSON27] Yeah.

So that's why (??) tasks should be also definitely included.

This is what I-

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON27] So this it is kind of all from my side.

For today.

([PERSON54]) wanted to discuss from proposal.

[PERSON54] Yes,

s- so (??) discuss a proposal so uhm I guess you all of excess to that shared task (??).

I can (??) this?

(??) proposal shared task (??)

[PERSON27] Yeah,&nbsp;

I have seen that.

[PERSON54] Yeah, could be (??)?

<another_yawn>

So are we all there?

<another_yawn>

Hallo?

[PERSON27] Uhm I have it open.

[PERSON54] Okay.

But about [PERSON55] and [PERSON54]?

[PERSON53] Yeah, (??) but the agenda right?

[PERSON27] No,&nbsp;

uhm in the agenda you have the work proposal under the shared task,

and you can click on it and open another document.

Shared task&nbsp; for (??) content.

[PERSON53] Okay, uhm.

[PERSON54] So I think it would be (??).

[PERSON53] In the shared task imitation are (??) proposal (??)?

Yeah, I opened it.

And there.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] (??) so (??) there?

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

[PERSON54] Haloo, [PERSON55], are you here?

[PERSON27] Probably not.

[PERSON54] But I can see (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] Is there uhm.

[PERSON54] Okay, so could you move to the (??) ?

In the in the doc?

[PERSON53] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Okay, so uhm we have the (??) in their speech deadline in in November (??).

Uhm before this we have to (??) clear definiton afford data in the task.&nbsp;

So if we have (??) for that (??) task task (A, B and C) of which the data preparation work task&nbsp;we used going on.

(??) the data in GitHub, plus (??) in some format that we (??).

[PERSON27] Sorry,&nbsp;

([PERSON54]) could you maybe change some your audio settings,

so get closer to the computer uhm so it's very noisy now.&nbsp;

[PERSON54] Is it is it okay, now?

[PERSON27] Yes, maybe if you speak little bit slower.

It should be better.

[PERSON54] Okay.

Okay.

So if you (??) the (pas) point we have the in their speech deadline on November 2020.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] So I (??) come up with a really (??) definition of our shared task.

We have to come up with a really (??) set of data for all the three task that we are going to&nbsp; propose.

So moving on to point 2,&nbsp;

so we maybe to prepare data for each of task A, B and C of which tasks (??) data (??) ongoing.&nbsp;

So we agree (??) that the data would be in the GitHub as (??) in the server?

In some (??) format that is okay?

Uhm the mix tip is to anonymise the data.

[PERSON27] Should we finished the anonymisation before November uhm before the the before the deadline?

[PERSON54] I I don't think so because&nbsp;anonymisation would be required when we release the (trial) data.

[PERSON27] Uhm aha okay.

[PERSON54] Uhm we (??) about the (??) required before November.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] (??) is that we need to have Google (??) on the data statistics&nbsp;

which like would be updated (confidently) when we push thing in the (??) in the server.

I think uhm [PERSON27] you always ha- you already have that, right?

[PERSON27] Yes.

[PERSON54] Okay, you can put that link in over here?

[PERSON27] Okay.

So I'm little bit afraid of this link,&nbsp;

so uhm because this si my only and very very informative table.

So please take you not to (??)

<laugh>

[PERSON54] Oh good,&nbsp;

don't share the (Edinburgh),

please share the (common version).&nbsp;

Okay.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] (??)

[PERSON27] So what doesn't mean aha.

[PERSON54] So don't share&nbsp;

<parallel_talk>

[PERSON53] Uhm.

Only give the view acces to (??)

[PERSON54] Or maybe that comment (access) I can comment.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] I (??)comment just.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Yes, yes, yes.

[PERSON54] Okay.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Okay.&nbsp;

So uhm another reporting thing so I'm I will just right here.

And okay, so [PERSON27] you are wonderful.

Okay uhm the 40 news that how much data we target for each task.

This is important to decide.

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

Uhm yes, this is important to decide, uhm and also from the point of in in (process), yes?

How many (persents) have worked.

So I think we cannot afford 80 10 10.

Yes?

As uhm 80 percent to 10 of training&nbsp;

and te- ten to developmentent and 10 to test.

Yes?

So we don't-

[PERSON54] Uhm yes, but-

[PERSON27] have to much data.

[PERSON54] Yes.&nbsp;

Uhm but (??) we have uhm late,

maybe in the next meeting tomorrow.

[PERSON27], you can present&nbsp;

and then we can (resay) that how much we target&nbsp;

and uhm-

[PERSON27] Yes.

[PERSON54] how much we should (??) by maybe November.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] And of course and of course we can have much more data

uhm well like (??) task is excepted and then suppose we have looking the task something&nbsp;

generally,

(??) which have more data

but in the proposal are acceptable formal data should (??) so there (??) send thing (that okay) this is (??) among the data for the shared task.&nbsp;

Because if we can if we have very less data,

we made (??) problem that this is not at all (??) machine learning set up.

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

So the amount of data what m- like how much we have&nbsp;

and how much we need to target.

So (??) make this decision tommorrow.

[PERSON27] Uhm my ask please what is target?

In this context?

[PERSON54] I (??) can you repeat?

[PERSON27] What do you mean by target?

[PERSON54] Target means like uhm supposed you have now we 100 minutes.

Okay.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] So we have 100 instances.

[PERSON27] Yeah.

[PERSON54] How many instances we want to (??) before the proposal.

So suppose we want (??) 200.

So.

That means 100 more minutes needs to be (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm, how (??).

[PERSON54] (??).

[PERSON27] How how do you mean we want to achieve.

So we have some number and used (??) we should clame that we are going to have more before.

Before the beginning of the (??)

[PERSON54] Yeah, yes.&nbsp;

That we need to agree the (??)

[PERSON27] Ahaaa.

[PERSON54] that we need this this amount of instances.

So the thing that [PERSON55] pointed out,

so maybe the meetings are very long we have much more data

but the machine learning the thing that (??) is the instances,

so uhm that we need to be sure about

and then I don't know if (sleeping) would be a good idea.

So maybe tomorrow we will (??) discuss on this.

About the data (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm, yes, we can discuss but the question.

So the problem is that everybody of us knows what we know,

and we uhm so [PERSON55] thinks that there should be devided,

you and [PERSON53] think that they should not be divided uhm

I can have no idea,

because well,&nbsp;

I also think that they kind of one hole,&nbsp;

and it is very huge to divide them from the point of (??)-

[PERSON54] Right.&nbsp; (??) so late.

[PERSON27] But so I do not expect (any know) how we (would) decided.

[PERSON54] So I but maybe we need brainstorm on this.

And let you like that in the (Amy and I see)&nbsp; (??)

So we can go there way.

And uh, we could be asked all participant that you were (??) free to (??) training model on big data uhm big uhm big corpus&nbsp;

and then late to some find (??) data and finally this.

For that we will (??) this thing on to the participants.&nbsp;

How intelligently they do this,&nbsp;

but for for (??) sure that how much data at next how much we can have before November&nbsp;

or if that tasks give (??) how much we can have (??) January or February.

[PERSON27] Well,

this is one more thing I wanted to decide with you,

(??) discussed with you.

Uhm bet- this is kind of uhm a new idea&nbsp;

and maybe personal&nbsp;

and maybe maybe it has no sense.

But when I looked at our meetings.

We also discussed that with [PERSON55] when you (??)&nbsp;

but now I realized that i- realized it is (??) more intensive way.

That the meetings we have as an input data.

Are not very good uhm from the point of view,&nbsp;

uhm of final (??) first of all,

and for the experiments se- uhm on the second uhm on on the other hand.

So our meetings are of our project meetings are kind of most spontaneous more (??).

And minutes are also spontaneous.

And our I deal enduser is uhm are business companies that have much more structure structure meetings.

This is one thing.

And another thing is uhm.

So uhm so maybe taken this (??).

It has some sense to look at uhm open the at so some meetings that are in totally opened excess.&nbsp;

Like your [ORGANIZATION7].

But I don't know uhm where to look at it,

who - if if I find something good if we have time.

So this is uhm I'm I'm just really think that they are in insufficient from (??) <another_yawn> because they are very spontaneous.

And that's why they are getting much.

Uh, so they are getting the task more complicated.

So maybe if our data were uhm more structured,

uhm it would be easier to work with them.

So should.

[PERSON54] Ooo, okay.

[PERSON27] Maybe, maybe I should look at other (??) at some uhm in English, at some [ORGANIZATION7],&nbsp;

maybe not European maybe (native) [ORGANIZATION7].

Uhm.

[PERSON54] Uhm, yes.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] this sounds like a good proposal.

But that thing is I would also ask you that whenever you take (help of) external meetings.

You need to have the permission from the respective authority to use that as a (??)&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm but [ORGANIZATION7] is all open,

isn't it?

[PERSON54] Yes,

okay.

So what you what do you think-

back like that kind of&nbsp; uhm late maybe we not release that data &nbsp;from our link&nbsp;

(??) participants to big the data from their sight and uhm.

But yeah, um, so I think you need to

you need to double check this thing,

before we use any externally meeting,&nbsp;

as (??) (data set).

[PERSON27] And if I take something what is open you need (??) too?

Is it uhm do we also need to get-

<another_yawn>

what?

[PERSON54] I'm not really sure about this opened things,&nbsp;

so maybe you need to check.

I'm not sure.

[PERSON27] Uhm. Also (??)&nbsp;

(BB) What is the point to use[ORGANIZATION7] data text?

I didn't get the point.

[PERSON27] Uhm because&nbsp; I (??) begin to dislike our meetings.&nbsp;

They are uhm too spontaneous.&nbsp;

And maybe if if there is could be something could be easily taken,

you make (tip).

(BB) Yes, but I mean,&nbsp;

what's the point?

I to put them together with other source what to to completely get rid of our data&nbsp;

and to use other data-

[PERSON27] No, no, no.&nbsp;

No not to get rid&nbsp;

but to add them to all data.

[PERSON54] To mix them together.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Mm-hmm.

[PERSON54] But do you think?

I think that Europe [ORGANIZATION7] data aren't only task (??) without minutes.&nbsp;

Like have minutes?

[PERSON27] Uhm, well uhm.

[PERSON54] I'm not sure they have minutes.

[PERSON27] Uhm I prepare,&nbsp;

I don't know.

Yeah, I have lot of annotators,

I can ask them to prepare.

[PERSON54] Oah, okay.&nbsp;

so you mean to yes, sure.

You use annotators instead of annotating our own recordings to annotate uhm yes.

Already available transkripts.

[PERSON27] Uh, I I I can-

[PERSON54] this is (??).

[PERSON27] look at at at least&nbsp; we could have a little bit also little bit n;other the the main.

And maybe-

[PERSON54] Yes.&nbsp;

Sure.

[PERSON53] I think I also think it's a good idea.

[PERSON54] Because yes, our data just one type of meetings.&nbsp;

It's not (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm and did you did anybody real look at it,

could anybody give me the link?

[PERSON53] ?

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] (Later?)

[PERSON55] I will find it.

[PERSON27] Euro Parl- (??) corpus.

[PERSON53] Yeah, Euro parl.

I didn't some (??)

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON53] Aren't&nbsp; there transkripts of this all the transkripts and this.

(??) this data is for lots of languages, right?

[PERSON27] Yes, but.

[PERSON53] Europarl.

[PERSON27] So I don't need (paralell) corpus,&nbsp;

so I just want to find some meetings.

Okay.

I will (??) that if uhm.

We take some time.

[PERSON54] (??) so so we look in to this external meetings&nbsp;

and maybe (??)bit&nbsp;

and maybe we can discuss tomorrow.

After having a fast (??) over the European meetings.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm.

(Chi) Okay?

We move to the next point,

so for the (ethic) control [PERSON27] you are taking the leave, right?

[PERSON27] Uhm, well I do,&nbsp;

but not for in- kind of professional in that.

[PERSON54] Yeah.

Okay, like I I have gone to your (??)&nbsp;

I I give (??) will be enough.

So we have just think through the paragraph that we have taken due permission from all the participants in the meetings.

Um, to take there ASRs and the annotator data as (??) release it as part of the shared task.

[PERSON27] Uhm, did you did you look at the forms?

[PERSON54] Yes.

Yes, I did.

[PERSON27] So you mean you mean to include the paragraph where?&nbsp;

[PERSON54] Ah, in the shared task (??)we have to like have a paragraph over it takes control.

But how are we uhm getting this this (??)?

[PERSON27] Could you could you (??) at together ?

[PERSON54] Uhm I didn't get you, [PERSON27]?

[PERSON27] Could we look at it together.

Please.

I will send you the link.

[PERSON54] Yeah, of course,&nbsp;

of course.

So maybe [PERSON27] this (??) the external things to- tomorrow?

Let we fast discuss that uhm what (??) general component (??).

[PERSON27] Yeah.

[PERSON54] Yeah, yeah.

[PERSON27] Okay, okay.

[PERSON54] So this we (??) discuss uhm mabye the next day,

I just put a note.

So moving on uhm the other thing that should be a part of the proposal is how to ensure that we have a good quality data.

So I don't know about like internal data (??)

or something,&nbsp;

but uhm what do you suggest?

That uhm we should uhm ensure that the quality of&nbsp; data that's we have (annotative) are okay to like used by the community.

[PERSON27] (??)

So I don't think&nbsp; inter-annotator agreement help- helps in this case.

[PERSON54] Uhm.

[PERSON27] Probably-

[PERSON54] Yeah.

[PERSON27] Only to (compare) transcripts,&nbsp;

but I actually didn't (give) parallel data,

uhm to different people,&nbsp;

because in uhm well just not to those (??)-

[PERSON54] I agree.

It would be to something to (??)this.

And if we have very (??) if we want to do that.

[PERSON27] Yes.

[PERSON54] But what-

so let us also put this (??) in our thinking plan (??)to think of this and uhm-

[PERSON27] Well, I think that's something that co- something can grow from evaluations.

So.

When we make this dry shared task dry run next week.

And everybody of us almost of us will evaluate uhm handmade&nbsp;

and kind&nbsp; of automatically created m- uhm minutes.

We will also come to some evaluation uhm.

[PERSON54] Right, to thinks (??)

[PERSON27] (??).

[PERSON54] why (??) the shared tasks (??) okay.

[PERSON27] Uuhm.

[PERSON54] Okay, wonderful.

Okay.

So.

The (??) the organization of the data for the shared tasks uhm&nbsp;

so we already know that how the data is no organized within the server.

So I would uhm like to have a schematic diagram of that.

Uh, that should go with the proposal,&nbsp;

and also like to have it on our GitHub page.

So it's better that lives if someone how a just (??) understand that how the data is&nbsp; organized.

[PERSON27] Hmm.

[PERSON54] So basically we have the manually (??) transkript

and the minutes annotative by annotator A and B.

Right?

[PERSON27]?

[PERSON27] Uhm yes, I would just I'm just looking for just a moment,&nbsp;

uhm uhm can you f- can you see what I'm sharing?

[PERSON54] Uhm, yes, yes.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] I can.

[PERSON27] So now I'm (??) this structure in such a way that are the names they aren't include uhm too many too long names.&nbsp;

And now it now just named so the folder [PROJECT1]

then uhm no just (??) we give with [PROJECT1] minuting then [PROJECT1] minuting corpus english with then english with have [PROJECT1] internal meetings&nbsp;

and then we have automatic folder for example search.

And (within) search we have the date&nbsp;

and within the date we have different annotators.

Annotator 1, 2, 6 and 7.

And within each annotator folder we have transkript created and minutes created.

And this are this so (??) this meeting we have we have four different annotator- annotations five for different people.&nbsp;

And in general folder we have the recording&nbsp;

and that uhm automatic transkript and original minutes.

This is the ideal structure of the folder&nbsp;

and uhm it will be partially transport with the same names to the GitHub.

But uhm uhm we uhm GitHub we will not have (??) recording and (formulate has no sence to include) automatic structure construction.

I so I uhm.

[PERSON54] So what is the (??) minutes?

[PERSON54] Yes, okay.

[PERSON27] Uhm.&nbsp;

[PERSON54] Yes, so uhm so [PERSON27] do you think if that is uhm we should do that originally minutes as a part of the task,&nbsp;

I don't know where it does it (feels).

[PERSON27] No, no this (??) a little bit with [PERSON7]&nbsp; very very uhm so uhm&nbsp;

I think it should be included in it GitHub,

because this is (??) help.

[PERSON54] Yeah, yeah,

(??) including the GitHub,

I 'm talking only about the shared task data.

So where does it (files)?

[PERSON27] I don't know.

I (let me) think.

So uhm the only problem why maybe not to included is that it is not the systematical.

So this is actually on you to decide if to include something that is not available for each meeting.

[PERSON54] Yeah.

So I don't think that should be included.

[PERSON27] Then do not included.

[PERSON54] Because all the meeting instances should have the exactly (??) of data.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] (Do you) want to release as a&nbsp; (??) for the participants.

[PERSON27] Yes,&nbsp;

[PERSON54] (??) any instance.

[PERSON27] So (the do) not included.

[PERSON54] Yeah.

So we keep those.

But maybe (??) the separate shared task data we (??) include those.

(BB) What is the (??)?

[PERSON54] Yeah, we are saying, that we don't include the original minutes in the shared tasks data.

(BB) The original minutes?

[PERSON27] Yes, that the uhm word documents that will created by [PERSON7] during the meeting.

Not those by annotator but those original.

(BB) Yes, we should include we should give the participants the final once the the good once.

[PERSON27] (??) what is better.

Yeah, that's okay.

[PERSON54] So my proposal would be if we have the original minutes it should be for each meeting more some meetings (??) some&nbsp; meetings (??) there.

[PERSON27] Then-

[PERSON54] I don't think, that that would be.

[PERSON27] yes.

(NO_ANONYMIZATION_LABEL_FOR_THAT_ENTITY) don't include it.

It's okay.

[PERSON54] Yeah, okay.

The next point is to how are datas (??)&nbsp;

but we need not to discuss it right now.

Once we have the final detail statistics.

Just before (??)meeting the proposal.

We should come up with the (train) trial (??) validation (??).

So I it need not to be like uhm finally done before the some (mission) of the proposal by an (??) that okay.

So this much amount of data shou- we should release we would (??) the trial data,

and then after some maybe one month&nbsp; we would release the our training data.

And after some days for the experiment that they strongly release the validation data of (??) where the participants tasted their models.

And when they submit their models,

we would evaluate them on (??) this datas.

So this data will not be released to the participants.

[PERSON27] Mm-hmm.

[PERSON54] Okay.

(??) was included the definitions of what we mean by this each of them?

Is that okay, [PERSON27]?

[PERSON27] Uhm,&nbsp;

yes.

We already have it somewhere,

don't we have somewhere already?

This table with this (??)?

I think we uhm with [PERSON7] we already created this table (??).

[PERSON54] With distribution?

[PERSON27] Uhm just a moment,&nbsp;

I will look for that.

Yes, here.

Uhm I I will copy path the develop

and in (agenda).

[PERSON54] Okay.

[PERSON27] This (??) is validation.

[PERSON54] Right.

[PERSON27] Yes?

[PERSON54] Yes.

[PERSON27] Does it correspond?

[PERSON54] Okay.

Wonderful.

So we are clear on this.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Now next Thursday important part that I (??) already are discussed like the manually evaluation.

So one is one one idea is to use what [PERSON55] propose for the manually re- (??) using the (??) skill and (??).

So actual (??) only that we use that for this kind of evaluation the subjectivity would be higher.

So um, maybe late.

Uhm while we do the dry run for the shared task,

(thinks) will get more (??) on this manually evaluation set up.

[PERSON27] Oh, yes.

So this is I think that we should definitely try this&nbsp;

and as soon as possible,&nbsp;

because we already have some data.

So we uhm.

I mean (??) we you [PERSON53] and [PERSON55] first of all.

Maybe also we will apply this [PERSON55] propose-&nbsp; [PERSON2] original proposal.

And what [PERSON53] will do out of that.

And uhm maybe may- so maybe everybody of us will you somehow changed,

but we should try to apply this evaluation next week for uh a chosen meeting,

and -

[PERSON54] Yeah.

[PERSON27] get some result&nbsp;

and what is most important more important,&nbsp;

not just resulted some comments that that does it work what other problems what are what is easy,&nbsp;

what is not clear at all.

So we should try it themselves our next week (it was).

[PERSON54] Right, right, right.

Okay.

So that mixes the manually evaluation protocol that [PERSON7] sh- is specifically uhm pushing forward about the (??) manually evaluation.

What the our the (??) would do.

So for this we need a bit a much more clarity that what is the output from the ([PERSON2] tool)&nbsp;

and the how does it correspond to all manually (evaluative school).

So.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] That we need think about,&nbsp;

I don't know.

[PERSON27] Yes.

[PERSON54] I 'm not (??) this.

[PERSON27] The (idea) of [PERSON2] I (??) if also could (??).

So we can also try it uhm even without&nbsp; have in uhm his technical outputs.

Uhm so lets (try) to.

[PERSON54] So uhm [PERSON27] can you just send me the technical data output of from [PERSON2] tool,

so that I can do an analysis.

[PERSON27] Uhm this is what we discussed already,

I don't have it.

[PERSON54] Ou.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] So uhm I (??) it because (??) look together (??) at that,

but at from that (??) meet,

so I don't have it in ema- emails.

[PERSON54] Okay, okay.

So I told you ha- you said once it that you had late who of the meetings where (??).

[PERSON27] Yes, but not me,

he has.

[PERSON54] Ohoo,&nbsp;

okay, okay.

<laugh>

I (??).

Understand.

Okay.

And so okay,

we need a bit more clarity on this.

On the [PERSON2] tool,&nbsp;

so we (??) for [PERSON2],

for this.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] The next one is the automatic evaluation,

so uhm for the evaluation part it's better than we (??) and automatic.

So we have now the (??) with just (??) evaluations tender for any kind of sumarization.

But it is lexicon is no semantic.

So we should try with some (semantic) matrix,

that I am looking into currently.

And maybe yes as I say I can come up with something by the end of this month.

And how do they (??) on our data.

So I really (??) this,&nbsp;

and we can discuss that witch (??) we can use&nbsp;

or which we can (visit-)

[PERSON27] Yes, yes.

[PERSON54] we can discuss.

[PERSON27] This is what you and [PERSON53] is now working on uhm independently.

[PERSON54] Yeah.

Yeah.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Wonderful so uhm maybe (??) are named against it.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Okay.

Wonderful.

And there are some (??) responsibilities that uhm that I would like to like (??) forward,

like what should be the submission platform forwarding with the participants with the support groups did a really (??) proposals participaly to the (??) comunity&nbsp;

and hiring somebody (??) which I which I'm like really pushing,

because uhm to (??) to the shared task we need someone who has (??) background (??).

[PERSON27] So (??)

[PERSON54] Uhm we-

yes, so uhm we and [PERSON7] (??) we have (??) some people who are (??) community,

but most of them they say they don't have time

because I understand that there really similar people in the community

and they want be interested in this.

So we need to (??)&nbsp; for some (??) like some (??) researcher (??) started and&nbsp; they maybe interested in our shared task.

So having up people having a person who has a background in summarization is especially in speech would be great for our for our proposal.

As well as (??) the participants to the to the uhm to the shared task.

[PERSON27] Uhm did you speak to (??)?

[PERSON54] Hello, yeah?

[PERSON27] Did you did you s- did you try (??)?

[PERSON54] Yes, yes.

I know (??).

[PERSON27] (??)

[PERSON54] She is super busy.

[PERSON27] Super bu-

[PERSON54] Uhm, yeah.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] It's a pitty.

[PERSON54] She is super -

[PERSON27] She is very nice person.&nbsp;

[PERSON54] Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's super busy.&nbsp;

We (??) her.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] We (resound) several automatical (??)&nbsp;

[PERSON27] I just know (??) and nobody else.

[PERSON54] Yeah, they are&nbsp; they are very similar.

So I would expect that we (??) to someone who is (??).

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] And a final thing is the system runs from our (group).

So I think uhm like it was uhm (like) mentioned that maybe we can have three or four system runs from our (??)

and we need to ensure that we have some system run for (??)&nbsp; from (??)&nbsp;

and what else?

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Maybe some Czech universities?

Especially uhm Brno yeah.

[PERSON27] Um-hum.

Do we release Czech data?

[PERSON54] Uhm.

Can you repeat [PERSON27]?

[PERSON27] Do we release Czech data?

So when we speak about data,

do we mean (??)

[PERSON54] Yes, (??) this is one (??) so do we do only English do we include Czech data in our shared task.

[PERSON27] So actually,&nbsp;

because I personally would propose to include Czech data into the shared task,

because they are better.

The the data quality of the Czech data uhm included annotations&nbsp;

but not only (annotations) but also the meeting themselves have better quality.

[PERSON54] Mm-hmm, okay.

So I also agree that we should be (??).

[PERSON27] Mm-hmm.

[PERSON54] Okay.

So this are the major points that I wanted to highlight.

And this would be sufficient to prepare our shared task proposal.

But we may come up with something else.

So that these late uhm I 'm collaborating with[PERSON36] and [PERSON45] to (??) the shared task proposal,&nbsp;

but we (??) that-

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] we have to be sure that all these points,&nbsp;

and then take them (??) tool (??) more clearly.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON54] Okay.

So that's it from my end.&nbsp;

[PERSON27] Thank you.

Well I think I haven't my tasks clear.

At least (??).

[PERSON54] Okay, so.

Anything else we want to discuss to then?

[PERSON55] [PERSON27] what is the status of your (??)?

How many persons do you have as collaborators as annotators?

[PERSON27] Well really not so many,

so officially I have about 20 but uhm in reality uhm about 5 for (??) are working&nbsp;

and 2 of them are uhm working on Czech.

[PERSON55] Okay,&nbsp;

and what is the the (??) the rate at which (??)they work?

They produce like process one week one minute one meeting or (??).

[PERSON27] Yes, probably.

So so it's uhm differently.

It depends on their season,&nbsp;

so sometimes when they were (??) corona time in uhm the I don't know in April uhm they gave more&nbsp;

and then so now I receive (??) very hard to say

because when sometimes some of these very active,

and he can send me up to nine meetings during one week.

So sometimes 2 meetings in day.

And then this same person is much slower.

And he sends me one meeting a month&nbsp;

and it depends it's really sl- depends on how much time he he has for uhm doing that.

[PERSON55] Okay.

Yes, because-

[PERSON27] (??) can not can not predict at all.

So now my best annotator (left)

and uhm another very good annotator kind of uhm begun to be very slow,&nbsp;

I don't know why.

So now it's not the best period for (receiving the new) data.

But so as you can see from that uhm time as I gave so from the last week&nbsp;

when I prepare basic samples for you.

And it.

It was 100 uhm 3 now ooh meetings.

Now I have 108 for Czech&nbsp;

so actually received only five meetings spoke Czech&nbsp;

and maybe 3 meeting no for Czech,&nbsp;

5 meetings for English non that time&nbsp;

and 3 meetings for Czech.

[PERSON55] Okay,

because uhm that idea that proposed like gathering European or rather meeting rather(??)

[PERSON27] Yeah, we don't have type for that, yeah.

[PERSON55] (??) they don't have minutes,

you were only trasnkripts.

I think that's a very good idea&nbsp;

and use annotators to to (??) the minutes.

I think it's very good idea,

because have almost said like it's more than one year that I have been saying that our old recordings are not really very recordings.

[PERSON27] Uhm.

[PERSON55] They are re- (??) in terms of (??)

and they come with this this problems we have the (??) the kind of-

[PERSON27] Yeah.

Yes.&nbsp;

There is-

[PERSON55] (??) our data would (??) of (??) and have we (??) uhm produce the meet- the minutes of these other transkript that are very nicely (??)&nbsp;

a- available.

It will it could be very good idea.

I think to have more data better data,

because our data are are not just-

[PERSON27] The problem-

[PERSON55] Kind of (??) quality but (??) there is small, very (??).

[PERSON27] Yes.

[PERSON55]&nbsp; so-&nbsp;

[PERSON27] There are there are very very long everyone,

the meetings also long.

I don't know what (??) I will come to you after we finish our call now,

and maybe we could look at it to data.

[PERSON55] What uhm what minutes are long,

Our minutes,

or?

[PERSON27] Not minutes.

Not minutes meetings uhm.

[PERSON55] Meetings ours or European?

[PERSON27] (Europal)&nbsp;

[PERSON55] (??) there so very long.

Yes?

Okay.

[PERSON27] No everything what I saw&nbsp; all [ORGANIZATION7] meetings are very long,

so they (??) hours long.

[PERSON55] One meeting is 8 hours.

[PERSON27] Not because they have the full day.

[PERSON55] Yes, yes.

I understand.

One day of a meeting, yes.

(??) yes, sure.

So okay.

[PERSON27] So (??) I didn't begin it year ago&nbsp;

because&nbsp; I was kind of lost in so much political information <laugh>

[PERSON55] So this idea this you sure of meeting length like uhm setting up deciding about the meeting length,&nbsp;

it's really (??) issue that should be discussed also (??)

[PERSON27] So they should be definitely splitted doesn't so really (??) 6 external.

Uhm.

[PERSON55] Maybe also our longest&nbsp;

because I saw that when I analyzed our data

maybe like some of our longest meetings should also be splitted,

so this idea of of (??) of the meeting is the (??) really (??) one&nbsp;

and should be discussed.

[PERSON27] Yeah, now I ask annotators to propose also this splitted variance.

Uhm so let see how it works.

[PERSON55] Okay.

[PERSON27] Okay.

Lets (??).

[PERSON54] Okay, so I think it's already for today&nbsp;

and then late tomorrow we discuss with the data for.

And we need each of the task (??) see,

and we discuss that how we want to organise the data&nbsp;

and what should be the statistics.

[PERSON27] Okay.

So thank you for today.

[PERSON54] Yeah, thanks.

[PERSON55] Okay.

[PERSON27] Bye, bye.

[PERSON54] Tomorrow,&nbsp;

allright?

[PERSON27] Uhm, yeah.

[PERSON53] Bye, bye.
